Introduce Stream<String> variants of assertLinesMatch methods (#2291)
junit-team/junit5: documentation/src/docs/asciidoc/release-notes/release-notes-5.7.0-M2.adoc

* All `@Enabled*`/`@Disabled*` annotations now have an optional `disabledReason`
  attribute that can be used to provide additional explanation as to why a test or
  container might be disabled.

> * New `assertLinesMatch` method overloads added to class `Assertions` that take in
>   two `Stream<String>` instances for comparision.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* New `assertLinesMatch` method overloads added to class `Assertions` that accept
  two `Stream<String>` instances for comparision.
```
